---
title: Terms of Service
description: >
 
---

These Terms of Service apply to your access to and use of the Merge application, so please read them carefully. By logging in to the Service, you are deemed to have fully agreed to the terms of this Agreement.
## Acceptance of Terms
By accessing or using the Service, you are agreeing to be bound by all of the following terms. Therefore, please read all of them carefully before using the Service. If you do not agree to all of the following terms and conditions, please do not use the Service.
## Changes to these Terms
We reserve the right to change these terms at any time. For example, if we introduce new features or for other reasons, we may need to change certain terms. Once the Terms have changed, we will update our revised content on the Site. If you continue to use the Service after the revised terms become effective, you accept the changes to these terms.
## Creating  Accounts
When you create an account or log in to the Service using another service, you agree to maintain the security of your password and accept all risks of unauthorized access to any data or other information you provide to the Service.
## Your Content
The content of any form of information generated by users using Merge shall not include the following. 
* Submission of material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or that encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate.
* Post advertisements, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes " or any other form of solicitation.
* other violations of the Constitution and laws and regulations.    
    
In addition, you agree not to perform any of the following actions with respect to the Service or other users.
* Use the Service in any manner that may interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect, or prevent other users from fully enjoying the Service or that may damage, disable, overburden, or impair the functionality of the Service.
* Impersonate or post on behalf of any person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity.
* Collect any personal information about other users, or intimidate, threaten, stalk or otherwise harass other users of the Service.
* Circumvent or attempt to circumvent any filters, security measures, rate limits or other features designed to protect the Service, users of the Service or third parties.
